# Daily

## Zig 

### Avoid these
* Use of `undefined` & `anyerror`

### Error handling
* Error sets coerce to their supersets
* Error union is formed by combining an error set and another type using `!`
* keyword `noreturn`. It is the type of return, while(true)...
* In this function signature:
  `fn createFile() !void` The function returns an error union & the error set is inferred.
* Zig does not let us ignore error unions using `_`. We must unwrap it using try, catch or if:
  `_ x = if(y == AllocationError.OutOfMemory) 1 else y;`
* Error sets can be merged using `||`:
  ```zig
  const AWSError = error { ServerDown, InvalidCredentials };
  const DBError = error { ServerDown, BadRequest };
  const GeneralError = AWSError || DBError;
  ```
* Zig has a builtin global error set called `anyerror`. It is superset of all errors.
* 

## Ideas

* When we have a separate frontend say Svelte using TS, then the types from the backend will have to be replicated on the frontend as well. This file should be generated by the backend API everytime it is built. This way the frontend is always aware of the API and the data it sends.

## Plan

The motto is to become an independent hacker with the freedom of working independently. Once I start making money as a hacker then I will consider other things that are on my mind right now:
1. Making a new personal website
2. Working on new projects just to use the new stuff out there.
3. Itch to use Svelte 5
4. Lifestyle
5. Filling the gaps in my education like SQL, Web development, etc.

I think I should focus on these things later and maybe once we're hacking, the priorities might shift entirely. I don't think I should be ashamed of or becomoe frustrated about all the things I want to do and not getting them done. It's just the creativity, the tinkerer and builder mindset mixed with the personality that's causing decision making problems. But decisions will have to be made. There is one thing though, this strong urge to learn zig and hacking as a way to change life. I certainly like both things, maybe talking about hacking is building some pressure and anxiety. That's just because I don't know enough about it just yet. We'll get there and until we do there's no need to have any anxiety because we're learning things right? We'll get there.

Anuja is healthy company, your thoughts about her kind of make things toxic. Ofcourse, she has different priorities but that's fine. You don't have to try to force her into a personality that she isn't and you don't have to adapt yourself entirely to her as well. Sleep early if you want to that's it.

So for now I think we should just focus on a few things that'll help do better at life:

1. Stay out of BS. Don't get involved in bullshit talks. You don't have to appeal to anyone.
2. Let people get pissed of. Don't be afraid. Don't give a damn. You aren't a harm or threat to anyone so don't let anyone be. Just dust shit off.
3. Deal with shit right at the moment. Arguments, people or any kind of BS. Don't carry it with you everywhere. Let people clearly clearly fucking know if they're wasting your resources or time. Don't let them leech off of you. Set clear boundaries. Don't borrow don't give if its not a relation you want or need.
4. Now that you're better mentally focus on physical health. Exercise a bit.
5. Stop doomscrolling. That'll help you with time.
6. Strictly work during your work hours. Don't stress over it and don't work outside of your work hours. Learning about topics related to work also happens during workhours. Stop working early and take some time for learning.
7. Focus on Zig and hacking. Ignore the hype and all the buzz in this world. We sure as hell need to borrow a lot from the outside world but just focus on what you need. Knowing about everything is never going to help. It's always added more friction. Sometimes, it happens that you feel like adding new things to your toolset will make things better and it does but in the early stages it adds a lot of fricition. This makes us less productive. To help decide when and how to implement those things or ignore them, just prioritize the flow of your necessary work which is zig and hacking. If the things are disturbing the current pace then postpone those or ignore them entirely.
8. Note taking. This is definitely helping. Immediate effects are noticable. It is also bringing peace of mind.
9. Routine. You can leave the office a little bit late. Just take a short break at work and continue with your personal work. As soon as you leave from work, just come back home, quickly change, manager your clothing and everything and then have dinner, then relax and do reading stuff. So in the office you could do keyboard stuff and at home you could do just reading or watching stuff. Or if you don't want to then you could do everything at work itself. But you gotta really fix that come home routine. Don't sit down, relax in between. Wrap up all the things first and then relax. That relaxation will always be worth it.
10. Stick to your things. Days will pass by and you'll have fun.
11. Focus on storing managing and storing resources reliably. Organize, encrypt and properly store your stuff. Right now just focus on organizing your work related stuff digitially, other things can be dumpedin a todo list.
